All right, so today we'll be talking
about how to actually create landing
pages with AI that scale Facebook ads.
So we'll be going over a couple
scenarios that we personally did. We'll
be going over how to create the landing
page, how to use AI to create the
landing page, inspiration for the
landing page, and all of those good
things. [music] So that being said,
let's dive into the video. So this is a
client right here. We ran this
particular ad right here to this product
page and it did not convert at all. And
then we actually relaunch this ad with a
landing page where we have this little
page right here where it goes ad,
landing page, and then to the product
page and it actually converted really
well. So today we'll be going over
pretty much the the main three types of
landing pages starting off with our
advertorial here and this is obviously
for more of like an unaware, problem
aware audience right here. Like I
wouldn't do the handbag for an
advertorial here and this is where, you
know, we go for more of a diagnosis
market. I know a really popular one that
everyone likes to look at is Resilia.
Um so, you know, it's again, it's more
of like a new style type of ad here. And
these new style type of ads work really
well uh cuz it feels more like, "Hey,
someone wrote this article." And you
pretty much go through the whole article
here and there'll be like a call to
action button at the bottom. And again,
this is better for unaware to problem
aware markets where you need to do some
type of diagnosis um or hey, here's this
problem I struggled with and here's all
the things I've tried, personal story,
yada yada yada, new solution. Now, next
one is a listical here and this is a
really popular one that I love looking
at uh by Hollow Socks where there's like
10 reasons, five reasons, seven reasons.
I've even seen them three reasons where
you can basically kind of control the
narrative of like the main key things
you want people to see about your
product before it actually goes to the
product page. Great opportunity here for
you to actually communicate your uh what
I would say like your USP in that sense,
as selling points and stuff. And again,
that's going to be your solution aware
and product aware market right there. Uh
where we either want to introduce a new
solution or why our solution is better
and other people or our product is
better than other people selling the
same product. All of those things right
there. And then lastly, we have quiz
funnels. And I love quiz funnels as
well. Uh very popular ones from Luna VF
where people um again, unaware to
problem aware, will go through a set of
questions to self-diagnose themselves.
So, you introduce the problem on the ads
and basically people go through the quiz
funnel to to like diagnose themselves
with that problem. Oh, maybe I do have
low testosterone. Let me take the quiz
on low testosterone to see if I have low
testosterone. And he goes through this
whole quiz, asks him a whole bunch of
questions, and diagnoses him with low
testosterone. And then boom, you then go
and position your product from there.
Now, these are the main three types of
landing pages. And then obviously, you
have the PDP as well, but we're not
really going to go into PDP, but a
really good PDP I would looking at is
Mars Men. Um these are all the what I
would say  "unquote" four types
of landing pages. A landing pages is
just anything you send traffic to. So,
it could be a listicle, could be
advertorial, could be a quiz, it could
just be directly to the product page.
So, in this case right here, in this
part, this is the landing page right
here. And this one right here, this is
the landing page. Typically, the landing
pages again, anything you send traffic
to. Um so, landing pages is not
advertorials. [music] Landing pages is
not listicles. It's all of those things
that we send traffic from an ad to a
landing page. And also, pre-landers is
probably the most stupidest thing I've
heard as well. It's not pre-landers
either, it makes no sense. It's like
saying sub-avatars. It's
>> [music]
So, in this case, we know what
these different landing pages are. Now,
how do we actually go and start building
these? Well, before I start building
these, I like to find landing page
inspo. This is where I'll use something
like Trend Track. And I'll go on Trend
Track and I'll basically go through I'll
don't just pull this up for you guys. Um
I use Trend Track to actually go and
look at what's currently scaling.
[music]
Uh so I would just go to Shop Straight
here. I have a preset one that I'll show
you guys. Uh traffic 100,000 to 2
million monthly visits, a rising store
means they're growing 10% every month,
visitor country USA cuz we mostly work
with USA clients, language English
because we all speak English and we
don't understand any other languages,
USD, Shopify app. I just have Clevio
selected and pixels at Meta Pixel. And
now I get a whole bunch of shops that
are scaling. And what I'll do here is I
like to just go through these different
shops and see like the different landing
pages they're running. Um I like looking
at all of them. I don't like technically
have like one of them I go to cuz I like
to pull ideas that's working from other
niches and bringing it to my niche. So
in this case right here, uh I know the
example originally I was looking at was
Bug MD here. I can click on their ads
and then I can see their top landing
pages here. And I can even just click on
them right there and boom. Oh, hey.
Here's this landing page of 11 reasons
why Bug MD is the number one best
control solution for summer 2026. So in
this case, this is obviously more of
like a um hey uh problem, you know, and
I guess you could say problem solution
and then for summer of 2026 and it goes
over like the main reasons why people
are choosing this. Now in this case
right here, this is obviously a very
sophisticated market. There's a lot of
different products out there for pest
control and stuff and this particular
product itself um is just a new
mechanism. So we're trying to showcase
why this product is way better than all
the other pest control products. So if I
were to say to sell a product that there
was other products in the marketplace um
out there, then what I would do is I
would want to recreate this page um
going through that. So I would
technically save that and um what I
would do here is I would just save that
as like my inspiration. I have I have a
uh big like inspiration um Google Doc
where I just keep saving landing pages
that I like to it and that way I can
always go back to it. So, I would save
basically this save this URL and then
from here this is where I'll actually go
into
Claude
and Funnelish. So, we'll start off with
Claude itself and I'll just show you
guys what I essentially did here. So, I
basically go in here.
Basically, I just gave it my product and
I gave it a bunch of survey data.
We just started working with this
particular product new client that just
came on board and I basically just gave
it the
landing page or our current product page
and then I just gave it basically a
whole bunch of like typeform data here.
Now, the reason why I did this because
this is all of the data we have. I
haven't started research I haven't done
any of that yet so I don't really know
the ICP at the ideal customer. So, I
kind of just used a typeform survey to
give Claude all the data I had now. Now,
as we work with this client over the
next couple months our knowledge is also
going to increase about who our ideal
customer is and we're going to give it a
lot more data as we continue to work
with this product. Now, here I basically
just gave it that I actually had to give
a PDF of the what you call it the data
just so that way it could you know read
it all and then here I basically said
here's the page I want recreated. I just
gave it the Hollow Socks page. Here's
the listical page right here that I told
you guys about and then here basically
goes through and just kind of gives me
all the details. Also too just for
reference I'm doing Opus 4.8 with the
high effort on that side right there.
And then here I basically basically said
hey I want it to recreate this page. It
broke the page and then asked me a few
questions like hey which audience do you
want me to frame this with? What's the
offer for the page? What's the real
site? And then I told it I want it in
HTML format. Now, I'mma show you guys
why I wanted that HTML format because
now here if I just click on it like this
it'll actually give me that full HTML
file and I have a full like basically
page ready to go from here. Now, the
initial what I would say
limiting belief I had was if it gives me
this big HTML file, I can't really edit
it and I don't really know how to code
and stuff like that. And then I found
out if you just literally just
screenshot and basically send it
back to Claude.
So basically I would just look at this
HTML file and I'll just screenshot
and basically send it back to Claude and
just talk to Claude like I'm talking to
designer and stuff and it'll change all
that for me.
The only key thing that you had to do
differently was that you have to upload
the
the files to Shopify and then you can
pull that URL from Shopify for like the
images and videos and stuff and you
know, it can do all the cool stuff of
like making it one by one by 16 by 9
matching the color page to our product
page,
you know, sampled it from all that and
it was pretty much able to recreate this
full page for me, right? And then I had
it create like another page with like
Brazilian stuff. This is the Brazilian
advertorial and then I also had it go
and recreate for me.
This is just me like inserting the
video. I also had it to go and recreate
the quiz landing page for me. So this is
a quiz by Morris men and we'll show you
guys all of this of what that looks like
from there. Now, from here
basically after it did all that for me,
then I was able to just pull the HTML
code and we're able to go into an app
called Funnelish. Now, I use Funnelish
because we work with a lot of clients in
our agency. We have over 24 clients that
we work with and 30 different team
members and all that. I don't want to go
mess with any of our clients like
Shopify code. I don't want to do that.
So I personally choose a third party
landing page poster just so that way I
don't have to worry about potentially
up the code for one of our
clients. Now, with that being said,
for a lot of you guys who watch this
channel, you're not agency owners,
you're e-commerce brand owners and
you're the only one working on your
Shopify store, you can use apps like
GemPages, Replo,
um these are also some really good apps
that I personally like as well that are
more Shopify store specific to where
instead of having a Funnelish account
like we do that works with dozens and
dozens of clients, you can just have
that one GemPages uh app for your
specific store. It already plugs in the
pixel for you, it already plugs in the
domain, all of those good things. So,
that's why I choose Funnelish and why I
would recommend like this for you guys.
Um but you're not wrong if you choose
Funnelish as well. So, here I just
basically popped in and I'm just going
to show you guys really quick what we
did. I just created a new page and I
didn't add anything to the page at all.
Now, when I I created this new page, all
I essentially did was go ahead and
create it uh a new section and then I
created a custom HTML uh thing. So, if I
go into like here, I can type in HTML,
it's custom HTML. Now, inside of here I
can edit that custom HTML HTML and
basically all of this code right here is
if I go back to um like the thing it
gave me. So, this is the Avatory right
here. I can click on here and it I can
have this. And I can just simply copy
this and this is my HTML um file
basically. So, if I go back to
Funnelish, I paste that in and then
after I paste that in, we have our HTML
which pretty much is hosted by
um what I could say Funnelish and
everything. Now, this basically gives us
everything we need and now we have a
fully functioning listicle uh or landing
page now for this client. If I click on
like shop now for example, it'll auto
redirect to our page which is great. And
then the other key thing here is the
pixel. Um so, a lot a big belief for
people is that the pixel uh
you know, like when you're running
custom landing pages, it doesn't track
and that's incorrect. Uh if I go to
settings here uh for this funnel, I have
a tracking code which is pretty much
just my pixel code here um that's copied
and pasted here. You guys can pause the
video and screenshot this, paste it in.
The only thing you'll need to change is
your pixel code here and here. And you
can just basically go to your website
right now and just find that using the
Meta Pixel ID right here. You can copy
that and change that. And then here, now
you have a landing page with functioning
pixel. Um, all of that works. Um, and
then you can also just import your own
custom domain. So, I have a funnel
domain right here. I can do I have just
a custom one right here I made. And then
now I can forward it over. Couple other
like limiting beliefs I've seen people
have is, "Hey, Nick, do is it okay to
run different like domains inside of
your ad account?" We haven't had any
issues.
>> [music]
>> Uh, so yes. Um, yes, your tracking will
still work because you're pasting that
funnel ID on there or that pixel ID on
there.
Um, and then lastly, uh, do we put this
in our same campaign? Yes, I'll be going
over that here in a second with, you
know, how to actually test these pages.
Now, if we look inside of our Facebook
ad account, um, this was basically the
uh, listicle we made uh, for this client
at the beginning of the video I showed
you guys.
Um, and over the last 45 days it spent
$12,000 for us. The product page spent
$1200. So, the listicle actually got a
much better cost per purchase of $62
versus the $85 just driving traffic to
the product page was getting. So, we
actually saw nearly
uh, a $20 difference inside of the cost
per acquisition. Now, one thing I did
notice is that CVR pretty much stayed
the same, but the big difference here
was cost per link click was cheaper on
the uh, listicle. And then CPM was
cheaper on the listicle as well. And the
reason why I want to highlight that is
that Facebook goes one level deep inside
of um, like when you upload new
creative. So, if you upload an ad, uh,
Facebook scans the ad and then it scans
the LP, whatever you're driving traffic
to. And then it basically gives it a
green check or a red X of of like, "Hey,
this is good to go." So, for us in this
case right here, for the scan, when it
uses that scan and scans your landing
page, it scans your creatives, it's
pulling all kinds of stuff to figure out
like, "Who's this meant for? Who's this
meant to target?" All of those good
things. And essentially what happens
here is that this is how it's used to be
able to start optimizing the algorithm
to put ads in front of people. So, this
is why I believe that the listicle got a
better CPM because it had more [music]
data on who to target. And it had a
better cost per link click cuz it was
able to get in front of the right
people. And the big thing here is that
we were able We're actually targeting a
new avatar with this ad right here. So,
we're going after a completely different
group of people that the PDP was not
really optimized for. So, because we
were giving it that landing page that
was also optimized for that at new
avatar we wanted to test and a creative
optimized for that new avatar we wanted
to test, we had two things here that
helped the algorithm really target and
get to that right person. Whereas the
PDP, we had good creative for that
avatar, but we didn't really have a good
PDP. So, it was getting mixed signals
for the algorithm and not There wasn't
really much congruence, which was making
it harder for Facebook to find people
that liked the ad. That's why it was
getting a higher cost per purchase or
higher CPM and a higher
cost per link click. Now, all I did was
just basically go to my CBO campaign and
I launched two ad sets to test this. I
launched 136, which is this video. I
launched it with a new LP and then I
also launched it just going to the PDP.
So, what I'll do is I'll set some ads
live and then I'll just duplicate that
ad set and change the landing page. So,
I have two ad sets, both with the exact
same creatives. The only difference is
that there's a different landing page
for each one. That's it. And I just let
Facebook do its thing with, you know,
spending more or less if it works.
That's it. I keep it very simple on that
side. Now, as far as the internal team
workflow here, we still do the whole
like Google Sheet for landing pages as
well, where we have our idea for the
landing page, the hypothesis, and the
learnings of everyone so that way we can
keep making better landing pages. And
then we also have our Asana board. What
we'll do for landing pages, we'll just
call those LPs here versus the standard
just like TS is for creative. So we both
have creatives and landing pages in our
Asana board for our to-do, doing, ready
to launch, and post launch so that way
we can have everything put together. And
then last thing I just want to call out
is testing new landing pages with top
spending the ads that have high CPA.
There's often times I talk to people
where it's like, "Hey Nick, launch a new
creative. It's getting a lot of spend,
really bad cost per acquisition, but the
cost per link click is actually really
good on there." And what that tells me
is that you may be testing something
totally new here where there's a
disconnect from the creative to the
current landing page you're using now.
So if we just test a better landing
page, we could potentially get a better
conversion rate, which will actually
improve performance. So here I basically
just took the ad spend the last 30 days
for a client where we spent $135,000,
cost per link click of $2.16,
AOV $96,
conversion rate 4.05, but a $53 cost per
acquisition, 245k in revenue with 1.81
ROAS. And I've modeled out improving
conversion rate by 10% and 20% right
there. And just for you guys to see the
difference in overall ROAS where
everything else stays the same, cost per
link click and ad spend, AOV, and all
that. But all we did here was test new
landing pages with a 10% increase and a
20% increase. I always like to try and
model things out on both a more
conservative and a more aggressive just
to set realistic expectations if
changing that thing will improve
performance. So again, in this
particular case, I would just simply
duplicate that ad, change the landing
page, and call it a day from there. So
yeah, like that's as simple as that for
testing landing pages. It's never been
easier now to get new pages live inside
of your Facebook ad account within 20
minutes.
Um obviously there's still like the the
design for some of the images on the
page. Sometimes you may have those
images, sometimes you may have to get
your designer or spend a little time
playing around with like Higgsfield and
like chat GPT images to create those.
But for the most part, it's never been
easier to get pages live inside of your
ad account. So good test more landing
pages. Hope you guys enjoyed this video.
Uh if you're doing at least 100k a month
and you want me to run your ads, create
the creatives, create the landing pages
all of those things for your e-com brand
or uh lead generation brand, then click
the link below to have Nick Terrel run
your ads below. Now, if uh maybe you
don't want me to run your ads, but you'd
rather me mentor you, review your ad
account, give you feedback on your ad
account, review your creatives, and
basically telling you, "Hey, where
you're messing up at?" and want more
mentorship, then click the link below to
have Nick Terrel you mentor you. Thank
you all so much for watching. Hit the
like button. Hit that subscribe button
for new videos every Monday, Wednesday,
and Friday. Talk to you guys later.
Peace out.